# Triv-Studio
## 🎮 About the Project
This project was created during the lecture Multimedia Programming at the LMU. The task was to create a 2D game in Unity.
Our game "Excellence Defenders" was finished within 2 months without any previous Unity experience and therefore still has some potential for improvement.

### Game Concept
In the sprawling metropolis of a dystopian Cyberpunk world, within this oppressive society,
the pursuit of excellence has become a mere illusion, overshadowed by the iron grip of
control of the technical overlords of the TUM. But amidst the neon-lit streets and towering corporate
skyscrapers, a glimmer of hope emerges. Excellence has surfaced and now it’s on you to
defend it…

### Game Setting
The game can be defined as a 2D sidescroller platformer.
The character runs endlessly and has to avoid obstacles and unlock doors to keep going.
If he takes too long it's game over.
- Cyberpunk / Futuristic Dystopian City
- Pixel Art
- TUM vs LMU

### Level Generator
Key aspects in our game are levels. A level consists of one or more segments. Thereby, a segment is represented by a Unity prefab, which contains all required game elements and logic required to play the current level.
Levels are generated by our LevelGenerator script. This script must be always attached to an empty game object that must be part of a scene. The  LevelGenerator script generates level segments in a random fashion. The configuration is done within the editor. The developer has to set a start segment and populate a list with segments that will be randomly generated while playing the level. Optionally, an offset can be set that adds some space between generated segments. The default value is always 0.

Segments can have different or equal lengths. When developing a segment, following conditions have to be met:
- A segment must be decorated with the SegmentDescriptor script
- A segment must be decorated with the DestroySegment script

The SegmentDescriptor script defines the length of the segment. This is important for the LevelGenerator script in order to create an adjoining sequence of segments. The LevelGenerator will fail if a Segment is not decorated with a SegmentDescriptor script.

The DestroySegment script is important for memory management. It is responsible for destroying the segment if it gets out of view (left border of camera plus some safety margin). It must be configured in the editor with the length of the segment, which must be basically the same value as defined in SegmentDescriptor. A wrong length could lead to unwanted cleanup behavior.

### Doors
Another core game mechanic are the doors with the passwords as passkeys. The passwords are randomly picked from a txt file and the words have to be 5 characters long. Every input gets checked if it is correct, if not the user has to type again until it is correct. In the meantime the timer starts, if you are too slow and you don't type the word correctly before timeout, it's game over. 

**Limitation or feature?**

unfortunately there was a problem since some of the latest commits. Therefore the door is not functioning as it was supposed to anymore. 
Sometimes, instead of one time, the player has to enter the password twice.
But maybe it is the TUM overlords that interfered with the resistance and installed a double password to hinder the defenders of excellence to save the world from this technical tyranny!

## 📂 Assets Files Description
The most important files can be found in the following folders:
- **Art**
  - **/Animations** custom animations of player and doors
  - **/Levels/Segmente** segment prefabs for level generator
- **Audio** sound effects and music
- **Code**
  - **/Scripts** all C# scripts
- **Scenes** here is the main scene and the final game scenes that are used. All other scenes (in the tests folder) can be ignored

## 🧑‍💻 Authors
- David Penn
- Agata Kim
- Jean Bellynck
- Angel Tung
- Annalisa Comin 
